[Music]
good morning and welcome aboard if
you're a frequent flyer you hear this
phrase a lot the moment they greet you
the crew are also checking out some
important details about you from your
physique to your jewelry style why
though though notice if you're their
colleague and will be happy to see you
the crews number-one priority is your
safety they know fellow flight
attendants will be the best help in case
of an emergency they know exactly how to
deal with it so they won't panic but
help the crew evacuate passengers and
provide first aid if necessary they'll
check out your reading material just
like fellow flight attendants doctors
nurses and other medical professionals
will be super helpful in case something
goes wrong so if you're a doctor coming
back from a medical conference with a
pile of medical leaflets or like to read
medical journals aboard the crew will
know about your occupation even if you
don't say a word your carry-on size
matters you are only allowed this amount
of carry-on of a certain maximum size
for a reason an experienced flight
attendant will always see if you cheated
and persuade you to have your oversized
bags relocated to the luggage
compartment otherwise they can fall out
of the overhead hurt yourself and other
passengers and block the crucially
important aisles fitting them under the
seats can also clog up the aisles and
even on a perfectly normal flight
loading and offloading a bunch of bags
just takes extra time your age is a big
deal to the flight crew will always take
record of how many unaccompanied minors
are traveling today to give them extra
attention and care in fact any young
passengers get it as almost all airlines
have entertainment sets or just coloring
books for them passengers under two
can't be seated in an emergency exit row
and need special life vests that are
handed out to parents if necessary
it's great for them if you look strong
again for safety reasons and not out of
their personal interests in the unlikely
case of an emergency with a troublemaker
on board for example they'll need as
much help as they can get the crew label
muscular passengers fit to help in their
mind and even remember where they're
seated your general health condition is
important to them flight attendants are
trained to notice signs and symptoms of
sickness they are entitled to ask you
for a medical certificate to prove it's
nothing serious
first they do it for your own safety and
well-being cabin air pressure and change
of altitude won't help if you're feeling
bad second no one wants to land the
plane halfway there because of a sudden
medical emergency and finally
communicable diseases can easily spread
from one passenger to others in an
enclosed plane environment and no one
wants that they can tell how many weeks
a pregnant woman is experienced flight
attendants have learned to tell which
trimester pregnant passengers are in
after a certain number of weeks they are
normally required to have a medical note
saying it's safe for them to fly they
care if you're nice to them they have to
say hello over a hundred times per
flight and they really appreciate if you
care to say the same back at them once
add a smile and eye contact and you can
hope for special treatment including an
extra meal or even a class upgrade they
do remember if you're unfriendly if for
some reason you can't utter a Hello on
entering the plane you're not just
demonstrating bad manners in fact the
crew are testing passengers in this way
the grumpy ones are marked as possibly
hostile flight attendants will know not
to ask these people for help in case of
an emergency
[Music]
avoiding eye contact speaks volumes to
the second part of passenger testing is
trying to establish eye contact with
them if a person looks away it's a
reason to be alarmed
it can't be 100% evidence they are
plotting something dangerous but it's
one of the signs a person has something
they're ashamed of on their mind they
notice how you treat other passengers -
if you push your way through the crowd
during landing and yell at other
passengers to move on the crew will take
note of that and mark you as a potential
troublemaker if you help others lift
their bags smile and start a small talk
with passengers who clearly feel nervous
they'll definitely appreciate it and
reward you with some bonus treats the
way you speak can give away your plans
speaking too fast or too slowly
hesitating when asked the most basic
questions and dropping a lot of
interjections are all clear signs of
anxiety it's typical of criminals
plotting something mean scratching your
head and wrists unnaturally tense facial
muscles stiff movements
coughing excessive nodding and head
shaking speak of the same no one will
take you off the flight for it but it
will draw some extra attention of the
crew to you they will know if your arrow
phobic if you're always nervously
smiling or laughing squeezing your
armrest or playing with your headphone
cord flight attendants will guess you
have arrow phobia and they'll do their
best to make you feel comfortable
they'll try to cheer you up and if it
doesn't work they'll leave you alone and
keep an eye out from the distance to
help prevent a starting panic attack
speaking of aerophobia and panic attacks
I think I'm having one right now just
kidding let me ask you do you love
flying or do you feel uncomfortable in
the air let me know in the comment
section below
the way you're dressed can make a
difference if you are well-dressed and
well-groomed you have higher chances of
a class upgrade it takes some style to
travel in business and first you know
another reason the crew check out your
outfit
is to see if anything you're wearing can
be an obstacle if you have to leave the
plane in an emergency it's not just
stuff that's loose are bulky but also
flammable materials they care what kind
of jewelry you're wearing it matters
just as much as clothing when it comes
to safety
massive earrings or bracelets can slow
down evacuation who you're boarding with
is also important if you're traveling
with your family but for some reason
have seats in different rows the crew
can try to seat you together during
boarding it will make the flight more
pleasant for everyone on board one more
important thing here if the physically
fit man they've noticed a few points ago
is with his family the crew will have to
look for someone else as a prospective
help a family man will more likely save
his dear ones first and not risk his
life for other passengers they have an
eye for contraband items flight
attendants have a sharp eye and can
notice if you're trying to smuggle any
forbidden items from the duty-free shop
and use them during the flight some
people also smuggle their miniature pets
and purses and handbags they can single
out frequent fliers frequent fliers like
to get the special treatment they
deserve for their loyalty to the airline
they will unlikely put on a nametag with
their flight status on it but when the
crew do research on passengers they get
an idea of what those people look like
all the factors I mentioned help the
crew in making your flight to save us
they're smart enough not to make any
conclusions based on just one thing but
when they put a few of them together it
can help singling out the troublemakers
so if you don't want to be considered
one of those you know what to do now hey
I'll get you out later good dog hey if I
learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos
I think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life